CLOUD-310 Documentation update (#225)
percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator: source/openshift.rst

   More details about secrets can be found in Users.

> 5. Install `cert-manager <https://docs.cert-manager.io/en/release-0.8/getting-started/install/openshift.html>`_ if it is not up and running yet and apply certificates as openshift secrets with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Install `cert-manager <https://docs.cert-manager.io/en/release-0.8/getting-started/install/openshift.html>`_ if it is not up and running yet then generate and apply certificates as secrets according to `TLS document <TLS.html>`
```

Author: agree

> 

Reviewer: could we put line 92 before line 88?

Author: ok
